#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{Xheader}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
eqs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman palatino
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Stichwortverzeichnis
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\headheight 2cm
\headsep 2cm
\footskip 2cm
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setupTextStyle
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis demonstates a first analysis strategy and measurement of the
 top quark spin asymmetries.
 It is expected from the theory of the Standard Model of Particle Physics
 (SM) that top quarks have a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

vector
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

-
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

axialvector
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (V-A) coupling structure at the 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{Wtb}$
\end_inset

-vertex.
 This is probed by the top quark spin asymmetries.
 In an effective extension of the SM, the asymmetries are used to constrain
 possible the anomalous couplings 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{V_{L}}$
\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{V_{R}}$
\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{g_{L}}$
\end_inset

, and 
\begin_inset Formula $\mathrm{g_{R}}$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After the event selection, the contributions from background processes are
 still very high.
 Therefore, the multivariant classification methods are trained to discriminate
 the remaining background further.
 This includes Boosted Decision Trees with high discriminating power and
 Projective Likelihood Estimators as a cross check.
 An optimization procedure is carried out to find the best discriminator
 and its value 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To correct for detector and reconstruction effects an unfolding procedure
 is applied.
 Propagation of error through the unfolding is performed by dicing of template
 based toy samples within the statistical and systematical uncertainties.
 The resulting asymmetries are checked for a potential bias by a Neyman
 construction.
 For that, ten different anomalous coupling samples have been generated
 with the WHIZARD Monte-Carlo generator and subjected to the analysis procedure
 as well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The asymmetries can be measured in two spin bases.
 It has been found out that the asymmetries with the smallest uncertainties
 are obtained from the spectator basis with 
\begin_inset Formula $A_{\mu}^{\mathrm{spec.}}=$
\end_inset


\begin_inset Formula $A_{b}^{\mathrm{spec.}}=$
\end_inset


\begin_inset Formula $A_{\nu}^{\mathrm{spec.}}=$
\end_inset

 .
 These results lead to the 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
